samples: peripheral: add PWM sample (#346)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: samples/peripherals/pwm/README.rst

.. _pwm_sample:

PWM
###

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The PWM sample demonstrates how to configure and use pulse width modulation (PWM) with |BMlong|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PWM sample demonstrates how to configure and use Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) with |BMlong|.
```

           - SoftDevice
           - Board target
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_
           - PCA10156
           - S115
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l15/cpuapp/s115_softdevice
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_ (emulating nRF54L10)
           - PCA10156
           - S115
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l10/cpuapp/s115_softdevice
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_ (emulating nRF54L05)
           - PCA10156
           - S115
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l05/cpuapp/s115_softdevice

   .. group-tab:: MCUboot board variants

      The following board variants have DFU capabilities.

      .. list-table::
         :header-rows: 1

         * - Hardware platform
           - PCA
           - SoftDevice
           - Board target
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_
           - PCA10156
           - S115
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l15/cpuapp/s115_softdevice/mcuboot
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_ (emulating nRF54L10)
           - PCA10156
           - S115
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l10/cpuapp/s115_softdevice/mcuboot
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_ (emulating nRF54L05)
           - PCA10156
           - S115
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l05/cpuapp/s115_softdevice/mcuboot

Overview
********

> The sample initializes a PWM instance and use that to iluminate LED1 and LED3 on the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample initializes a PWM instance that blinks LED1 and LED3 on the device.
```

.. note::

>   PWM signal can be exposed on GPIO pin only within same domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The PWM signal can be exposed only on GPIO pins within same domain.
```

A suggestion, but maybe it can be improved further.

  For nRF54L-series there is only one domain which contains both PWM and GPIO: PWM20/21/22 and GPIO Port P1.

>   Only LEDs connected to P1 can work with PWM, in this case LED1 and LED3.

Reviewer: I think it could be a good idea to insert here a link to the datasheet or some reference where the user can check this information.
